NodeJS API Basics - Knowledge Checks and Links (#22990)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: nodeJS/APIs/APIs.md

</div>

### Additional Resources

This section contains helpful links to other content. It isn't required, so consider it supplemental.

- A [simple](https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Representational_state_transfer) example based definition of REST.

### Knowledge Check

- <a class='knowledge-check-link' href='#rest'>What does REST stand for?</a>
- <a class='knowledge-check-link' href='#rest'>What are HTTP verbs and why are they important to an API?</a>
- <a class='knowledge-check-link' href='#cors'>What is the Same-Origin Policy?</a>
- <a class='knowledge-check-link' href='#cors'>How do you enable CORS in your Express app?</a>

> - <a class='knowledge-check-link' href='#assignment'>Which HTTP verb does each letter in CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) correspond to?</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- <a class='knowledge-check-link' href='https://www.robinwieruch.de/node-express-server-rest-api/'>Which HTTP verb does each letter in CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) correspond to?</a>
```
Linking directly to the resource being referenced, rather than just to the assignment section, is a better user experience for these IMO.

> - <a class='knowledge-check-link' href='hhttps://stackoverflow.blog/2020/03/02/best-practices-for-rest-api-design/#h-use-nouns-instead-of-verbs-in-endpoint-paths'>Which HTTP verb does each letter in CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) correspond to?</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- <a class='knowledge-check-link' href='https://stackoverflow.blog/2020/03/02/best-practices-for-rest-api-design/#h-use-nouns-instead-of-verbs-in-endpoint-paths'>Which HTTP verb does each letter in CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) correspond to?</a>
```
